[12.0][ADD] purchase_security (#1005)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_security/README.rst

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/purchase_security
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-13-0/purchase-workflow-13-0-purchase_security
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This addon creates a new group called "Purchase (own orders)" in Purchase.

For users in this group, the only Purchase Orders they can see are those where

> they are responsible, or all of them if they are managers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they are the representative, or all of them if they are managers.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

> To use this module you need to add the users whose access you want to restrict

Reviewer: This is more configuration.

Add another usage section where you specify where to go for setting the purchase representative.
